now you're probably gonna say gore
you've been reviewing so many shitty
games in the last couple of well reviews
and this is actually my 25th review for
this year so yay for that whatever uh so
what do you think about this game gohr I
mean I know you said it was one of those
it was the worst movie of jazz an eight
what do you think of the mommy tune with
the dragon for further we let me tell
you all the things wrong about all right
first of all the video in the beginning
because it doesn't have any actual
cutscenes really I mean it does kinda
but it's all video game cutscenes and
there's also low-cut seems like it's
kind of like what jumper did with all
the cartoon cel-shading shit except it's
a pretty bad it's horrible actually uh
yeah it's just some shit some guy when
you know what it'll be cool if we did
this not that that's just me doing that
it would be cool if we just did this
because you know really work for jumper
I really think it took about two months
to make this game not even not even that
may be but i will say the game is not
horrible why okay well alright this game
starts out let me go back to being game
starts off with a video from the movie
it is one of the worst fucking videos
I've ever seen it stutters it's fucking
pixelated shit it's horrible it's
compressed as balls it's horrible it's
terrible but then it goes to the comic
thing and that's horrible too and it
goes to the gameplay cutscene like how
much freakin cutscene things are there
in this alright so now you're in a
cutscene you plan as his son Rick
O'Connell our cachet O'Connell and you
also have the voices of Brendan Fraser
they couldn't get but Brendan Fraser I
keep getting his name wrong I keep
saying Ben Fraser doesn't sound right
now Brendan Fraser you have this voice
and whoever played the kid will play the
girl uh so yeah you go in a cave at
circle Connell and that's where the game
start
and the this is what all right this is
what problem with the cameras bad the
controls are okay they're not horrible
the aiming is pretty screwed up but when
you get used to it and you also don't
get hurt that much I mean when you get
attacked so if you're screwing up aiming
it doesn't matter and I can't hurt that
much anyway so when you actually hook
onto them bama man but still it has to
have good aim in come on I mean but for
a cheap game like this it's kind of cool
the guns are actually kind of cool I
mean yeah you get guns you get fighting
but the fighting is retarded you use the
d-pad to fight them I never played a wii
game where you have to use d-pad to
fight your fucking fight people i
usually use the one and two button but
whatever though graphics aren't horrible
actually they're actually decent for a
wii game ps2 I've seen it looks even
worse than the wii version which is kind
of weird usually ps2 games look better
in a wii game that's also kind of said
uh enough sound it's the guys from the
movie but they weren't really great in
the movie either i'm not gonna say
anything about the movie i right I mean
the only likable character and that
movie was kind of like kind of Brendan
Fraser really everybody else is horrible
god-awful yeah uh this game is not
perfect okay it definitely isn't but it
ain't horrible ok the I mean I never
played a game where you have to fight
with the d-pad but it's not horrible I
mean the fighting is kind of weird but
you get kind of used to it ok I'm line
this game sucks all right ah the set now
this act that's it stop this game is
fucking horrible this game sucks Amy's
horrible ok it's horrible the fighting
is a fucking retarded who use a d-pad to
fight ok the sound is annoying i don't
care if it's from the freaking actors
and I hate Brendan Fraser that's a lot
too uh what else was i lying about uh
the graphics look horrible uh hmm what
else hmm the animations are stiff now I
said the the beginning is horrible like
the video and shit the fucking cartoon
thing it's horrible controls are bad a
lot about
that too I'm lying because I'm trying to
I'm trying to pretend that I'm not
playing these shitty games sing it this
game fucking leisure suit larry what
else i have all over views right here
let's see what else oh god fire to was a
disappointment oh we got your in the
movies which wasn't that bad but it was
still not great so I had sing it leisure
suit larry and this game now games bad
it is alright if you skip through this
review and you see in the beginning I'm
talking about and it's not that bad and
then you skip true and you say oh you
see all you saying it's horrible what
the hell oh why don't you have to watch
the whole of you so it's bad okay it's
bad all right it's bad it's not horrible
right I keep saying it's horrible it's
not horrible to bed so I give it a very
low peasant very low peasant a for
pretty much very low skimming scum
skimming scum that's good it's just
skimming scum just barely tipping it
it's like touching the bottom of the
barrel but it's just kind of touching is
not on it so that means it's not scum
like leisure suit larry and sing it so
definitely not Leisure Suit well we want
to think about that game also I have
some news I also sold some Amazon games
i just wanted to I mean some games on
amazon also my amazon name is Gor the
movie got obviously if you want to go
check out what i have in stock and go
ahead check it I don't sell very i saw i
try to get all the low price things I'm
sounding like phantom does for a cheap
price no not really I mean I mean it's
hard to find but yeah uh I'm selling a
lot against you i'm selling like my
Castlevania game before about it and
then it's only like what ten bucks and
you could you can rely on me all right
who would you rather try some guy you
don't know me anyway that's all I really
want to say that state announcement
this game sucks I don't play it don't
place shitty movie games i'm selling
this tuesday to go get mad world and
will sell listen sing it I'm not go
singing my I don't go sell the
microphone because microphones pretty
good uh if I had to review the
microphone I'll give it a give it a high
Dane but the game gets a scum also this
gets a very low peasant so anyway thank
you for watching this then it's pretty
short review most of mine are like 10
minutes this is only seven and a half
thank you and bye